docs/installation-guide.md, before:

# Installation Guide

> This page explains how to install RTCMultiConnection.

* Youtube Video: [NPM install](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtsiYEW_T8Y) or [Other Videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtsiYEW_T8Y&list=PLPRQUXAnRydKdyun-vjKPMrySoow2N4tl)

# Fetch from Github

> Github is strongly recommended. NPM or TAR are secondary options.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection.git ./
npm install --production
```

Or download ZIP:

```sh
wget https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/archive/master.zip
unzip master.zip
```

Then call `npm install --production`.

Use `--production` to skip `grunt` dependencies. You don't need `grunt` until you modify library itself.

# Install using NPM or Bower


```sh
npm install rtcmulticonnection --production

# or
bower install rtcmulticonnection
```

# Run `server.js`

```sh
node server.js
```

Now open `http://localhost:9001/`.

# Modify config.json

* https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/config.json

```json
{
  "socketURL": "/",
  "socketMessageEvent": "abcdef",
  "socketCustomEvent": "ghijkl",
  "port": "443",
  "enableLogs": "false",
  "autoRebootServerOnFailure": "false",
  "isUseHTTPs": "true",
  "ssl_key": "/ssl/certificate.key",
  "ssl_cert": "/ssl/certificate.crt",
  "ssl_cabundle": "/ssl/certificate.cabundle"
}
```

Now run `server.js` and it will automatically use above configuration.

# How to check if server is running correctly?

Open this URL: `https://localhost:9001/socket.io/socket.io.js`

If you can load `/socket.io/socket.io.js` on your server then it is working fine.

# Stop Old Processes

Check all processes running on port `9001` and stop process by `id`:

```sh
lsof -n -i4TCP:9001 | grep LISTEN
kill process-ID
```

Or stop all processes on a specific port. (It may require `sudo` privileges):

```sh
fuser -vk 9001/tcp
```

Now open: `http://localhost:9001/`

## Keep running server in background

```sh
nohup nodejs server.js > /dev/null 2>&1 &
```

Or:

```sh
nohup nodejs server.js &
```

Or use `forever`:

```sh
npm install forever -g
forever start server.js
```

To auto-start `server.js` on system-reboot (i.e. when Mac/Linux system shuts down or reboots):

```sh
npm install forever-service

cd __path to your npm install__
forever-service install ncustomAppName --script server.js
```

Commands to interact with `service ncustomAppName Start`:

```
- "sudo service ncustomAppName start" Stop
- "sudo service ncustomAppName stop" Status
- "sudo service ncustomAppName status" Restart - "sudo service ncustomAppName restart"
```

More info about `forever-service` [here](http://stackoverflow.com/a/36027516/552182).

# Other Documents

1. [Getting Started guide for RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/getting-started.md)
2. [Installation Guide](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/installation-guide.md)
3. [How to Use?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/how-to-use.md)
4. [API Reference](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/api.md)
5. [Upgrade from v2 to v3](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/upgrade.md)
6. [How to write iOS/Android applications?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/ios-android.md)
7. [Tips & Tricks](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/docs/tips-tricks.md)

## License

[RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection) is released under [MIT licence](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/LICENSE.md) . Copyright (c) [Muaz Khan](https://MuazKhan.com/).

Commit message:

New Release: RTCMultiConnection 3.4.7
Closed #639, Fixed ##428, Fixed ##638

For more info, please check: #639

docs/installation-guide.md, after:

# Installation Guide

> This page explains how to install RTCMultiConnection.

* Youtube Video: [NPM install](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtsiYEW_T8Y) or [Other Videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtsiYEW_T8Y&list=PLPRQUXAnRydKdyun-vjKPMrySoow2N4tl)

# Fetch from Github

> Github is strongly recommended. NPM or TAR are secondary options.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection.git ./
npm install --production
```

Or download ZIP:

```sh
wget https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/archive/master.zip
unzip master.zip
```

Then call `npm install --production`.

Use `--production` to skip `grunt` dependencies. You don't need `grunt` until you modify library itself.

# Install using NPM or Bower


```sh
npm install rtcmulticonnection --production

# or
bower install rtcmulticonnection
```

# Run `server.js`

```sh
node server.js
```

Now open `http://localhost:9001/`.

# Modify config.json

* https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/config.json

```json
{
  "socketURL": "/",
  "socketMessageEvent": "abcdef",
  "socketCustomEvent": "ghijkl",
  "port": "443",
  "enableLogs": "false",
  "autoRebootServerOnFailure": "false",
  "isUseHTTPs": "true",
  "ssl_key": "/ssl/certificate.key",
  "ssl_cert": "/ssl/certificate.crt",
  "ssl_cabundle": "/ssl/certificate.cabundle"
}
```

Now run `server.js` and it will automatically use above configuration.

# How to check if server is running correctly?

Open this URL: `https://localhost:9001/socket.io/socket.io.js`

If you can load `/socket.io/socket.io.js` on your server then it is working fine.

# Stop Old Processes

Check all processes running on port `9001` and stop process by `id`:

```sh
lsof -n -i4TCP:9001 | grep LISTEN
kill process-ID
```

Or stop all processes on a specific port. (It may require `sudo` privileges):

```sh
fuser -vk 9001/tcp
```

Now open: `http://localhost:9001/`

## Keep running server in background using `pm2`

``sh
npm install pm2 -g
pm2 startup  
pm2 start server.js
pm2 save
```

Now `server.js` will auto restart on failure. Even auto run as soon as operating system reboots.

For more info about `pm2` please check [this link](https://github.com/Unitech/pm2).

## Keep running server in background usnig `nohup`

```sh
nohup nodejs server.js > /dev/null 2>&1 &
```

Or:

```sh
nohup nodejs server.js &
```

Or use `forever`:

```sh
npm install forever -g
forever start server.js
```

To auto-start `server.js` on system-reboot (i.e. when Mac/Linux system shuts down or reboots):

```sh
npm install forever-service

cd __path to your npm install__
forever-service install ncustomAppName --script server.js
```

Commands to interact with `service ncustomAppName Start`:

```
- "sudo service ncustomAppName start" Stop
- "sudo service ncustomAppName stop" Status
- "sudo service ncustomAppName status" Restart - "sudo service ncustomAppName restart"
```

More info about `forever-service` [here](http://stackoverflow.com/a/36027516/552182).

# Other Documents

1. [Getting Started guide for RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/getting-started.md)
2. [Installation Guide](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/installation-guide.md)
3. [How to Use?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/how-to-use.md)
4. [API Reference](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/api.md)
5. [Upgrade from v2 to v3](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/upgrade.md)
6. [How to write iOS/Android applications?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/ios-android.md)
7. [Tips & Tricks](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/docs/tips-tricks.md)

## License

[RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection) is released under [MIT licence](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/LICENSE.md) . Copyright (c) [Muaz Khan](https://MuazKhan.com/).
