docs/README.md, before:

# RTCMultiConnection [Documentation](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/)

1. [Installation Guide](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/installation-guide.md)
2. [How to Use?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/how-to-use.md)
3. [API Reference](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/api.md)
4. [Upgrade from v2 to v3](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/upgrade.md)
5. [How to write iOS/Android applications?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/ios-android.md)
6. [Tips & Tricks](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/docs/tips-tricks.md)

# [Wiki Pages](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki)

* [List of Breaking Changes](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Breaking-Changes)
* [Coding Tricks](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Coding-Tricks)
* [Switch Between Cameras](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Switch-between-cameras)
* [Bandwidth Management](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Bandwidth-Management)
* [Channels and Sessions Management](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Channels-and-Sessions)
* [How to send Custom/Private messages?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Custom-Messages)
* [Custom Private Servers](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Custom-Private-Servers)
* [How to link RTCMultiConnection.js?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/How-to-link-RTCMultiConnection.js%3F)
* [How to fix echo?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/How-to-fix-echo%3F)
* [How to share Part-of-Screen?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Part-of-Screen-Sharing)
* [How to detect Presence of the users & sessions?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Presence-Detection)
* [How to share screen?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Screen-Sharing)
* [How to secure your RTCMultiConnection codes?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Security)
* [Use WebSync Signaling Server in any RTCMultiConnection demo](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/WebSync-Signaling-Server)
* [How to implement client-side (local) screen-sharing without involving any 3rd-party service or extension or addon](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Screen-Sharing-on-your-Local-Server)
* [Detect Who is Speaking](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Detect-Who-is-Speaking)

## Twitter

* https://twitter.com/WebRTCWeb i.e. @WebRTCWeb

## License

[RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection) is released under [MIT licence](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/LICENSE.md) . Copyright (c) [Muaz Khan](http://www.MuazKhan.com/).

Commit message:

A little docs updates.
https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/getting
-started.md

docs/README.md, after:

# RTCMultiConnection [Documentation](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/)

1. [Getting Started guide for RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/getting-started.md)
2. [Installation Guide](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/installation-guide.md)
3. [How to Use?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/how-to-use.md)
4. [API Reference](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/api.md)
5. [Upgrade from v2 to v3](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/upgrade.md)
6. [How to write iOS/Android applications?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/tree/master/docs/ios-android.md)
7. [Tips & Tricks](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/docs/tips-tricks.md)

# [Wiki Pages](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki)

* [List of Breaking Changes](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Breaking-Changes)
* [Coding Tricks](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Coding-Tricks)
* [Switch Between Cameras](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Switch-between-cameras)
* [Bandwidth Management](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Bandwidth-Management)
* [Channels and Sessions Management](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Channels-and-Sessions)
* [How to send Custom/Private messages?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Custom-Messages)
* [Custom Private Servers](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Custom-Private-Servers)
* [How to link RTCMultiConnection.js?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/How-to-link-RTCMultiConnection.js%3F)
* [How to fix echo?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/How-to-fix-echo%3F)
* [How to share Part-of-Screen?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Part-of-Screen-Sharing)
* [How to detect Presence of the users & sessions?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Presence-Detection)
* [How to share screen?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Screen-Sharing)
* [How to secure your RTCMultiConnection codes?](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Security)
* [Use WebSync Signaling Server in any RTCMultiConnection demo](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/WebSync-Signaling-Server)
* [How to implement client-side (local) screen-sharing without involving any 3rd-party service or extension or addon](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Screen-Sharing-on-your-Local-Server)
* [Detect Who is Speaking](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/wiki/Detect-Who-is-Speaking)

## Twitter

* https://twitter.com/WebRTCWeb i.e. @WebRTCWeb

## License

[RTCMultiConnection](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection) is released under [MIT licence](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RTCMultiConnection/blob/master/LICENSE.md) . Copyright (c) [Muaz Khan](http://www.MuazKhan.com/).
